Speaker 1  0:00  
I'm recording. So can you repeat from the first the dynamics I'm going to like, yeah. So, so there are, so you can decompose the dynamics of a system which in two direction, one which is normal to the invariant set and one which is tangential to the invariant set. Okay, now the dynamics for the convergence point, what you need is that dynamics, which is tangential, invariant set, is actually going to zero faster than the dynamic switch is normal to the invariant set. Okay. Now the way, I mean, the way you I mean, there are different ways of now actually doing this, okay? Because if it is going, if it is kind of normal direction is non zero, but a tangential direction is zero, you see the dynamics actually get stuck right then it goes to a point, as opposed to actually kind of approaching the invariant set right then you can just keep on getting closer and closer, but never actually get to the point. You see what I'm saying. So now, how do you show that that normal is nonzero, but the tangential is zero? Okay? The multiple ways of doing it, one is actually to look at the linearization of the system, add this on equilibrium set and show that the zero eigenvalues are actually aligned in the direction of the tangent, and then the normal directions are the direction where the eigenvalues are nonzero. Okay, right now this is something called as the normal hyperbolicity of the of this invariant manifold, which is this manifold consists of the equilibrium points. Okay, now the in dynamic, in our control theory, they use this notion of semi stability. I thought we talked about this. Now, what is the semi stability is that you can actually, you'll have to show that each of the equilibrium point on the invariant set in the Lyapunov stable, which is what you are trying to do. But then there's the issue with the way the Lyapunov function is constructed. So right now you have to construct a Lyapunov function, which is actually not one Lyapunov function, but a family of Lyapunov function. What do you mean by family place? So if you're taking one particular equilibrium point, then you have to construct the Lyapunov function for that equilibrium point. Now you have to show that this family of Lyapunov functions are actually well defined. So it's not just one Lyapunov function, but it's a family of Lyapunov function.

Speaker 2  2:45  
By family, you mean one, one thing is variable inside the Lyapunov function.

Speaker 1  2:50  
Yeah, the equilibrium point itself is a variable, okay? Is a set because you don't know what equilibrium point you're going to converge to, right? And you don't know what although the structure of the Lyapunov function is the same. I mean, it's just about where you argue this, right?

Speaker 2  3:07  
But this problem is not specific to ro this is a general problem even in the cortex paper, right?

Speaker 1  3:14  
Even in the cortex paper. But I think I'm not sure if our dynamics actually is, is? Is something peculiar which allows you to like, not which may present some problems, but the argument has to it has to be clear. I don't think Jorge ever use the semi stability argument in his paper,

Unknown Speaker  3:33  
does he?

Speaker 2  3:35  
No, I don't. So I have his paper here.

Unknown Speaker  3:40  
I think this is the one?

Speaker 1  3:44  
Yeah, so I think that's the that's the issue, right? Hori doesn't use a semi stability argument, so we'll have to use semi stability argument, because that's actually will, will imply, like, what we want to actually do.

Speaker 2  4:01  
So the thing that we discussed in the previous meeting was that finding the reference in his paper, and that was the Haddad paper, Haddad book, and then I found the relevant lemma in Haddad book and added that to the proof.

Speaker 1  4:16  
So in the Hadad book, he's also constructing this. He's also showing this Lyapunov stability of the equilibrium point, right, right? But I think the argument is little subtle, because the at least the way we have done it in our paper right now, it is not clear that the Lyapunov function is actually parameterized. It's because we never actually make that thing very explicit, like we have to make that thing very explicit, okay, saying that consider this family of Lyapunov function, where the family is now parameterized by the equilibrium point itself. Okay, right? Depending. Upon which equilibrium point you want to prove the Lyapunov stability. You pick that equilibrium point in the Lyapunov

Unknown Speaker  5:06  
function right.

Speaker 1  5:09  
Now, one of the issue is that our Lyapunov function, we have to show that the Lyapunov function is actually well defined, right in the sense that it is it? Is it become? It's not degenerate. Like, what do you mean by degenerate? Is that there is no loop, not not loop. I mean, I think because of Lyapunov function, see, it's not a distance function, right? Because we have this lambda star multiplying some part of the dilemma function, right, right. So if lambda star itself is zero, that part actually becomes zero, and hence it becomes degenerate, all right, right. So we have to show that no matter what lambda star is, that part is bounded away from zero.

Unknown Speaker  5:59  
You see what I'm saying? Yes.

Speaker 2  6:03  
Let me find where is the function.

Speaker 1  6:06  
Here is the Lyapunov function. Use a lambda star. Are you using C plus lambda star? No, ci

Unknown Speaker  6:12  
plus lambda s so

Unknown Speaker  6:16  
commonly bounded away from zero. Yeah, this is never zero. Yeah,

Speaker 1  6:19  
exactly. So I think that's what we have to explicitly say.

Unknown Speaker  6:25  
I mean, it's all there. It has to be said

Unknown Speaker  6:30  
like that.

Speaker 2  6:31  
Okay, so where exactly do you mean that, at the end of theorem four, we need to argue this,

Speaker 1  6:39  
yeah, where you are proving the Lyapunov stability.

Speaker 2  6:41  
Okay, because there are like different parts that we can put this we start from. So if you see the proof of the theorem for first, we say something about the equilibrium point, assumptions, etc. Then we go to the lemma four. So there are different sections inside the proof, and what I added was the end section.

Speaker 1  7:10  
You see, as I said, I mean, it's the

Speaker 1  7:19  
beginning when you're constructing the Lyapunov function, right? All we care about is showing that v.is less than equal to zero. So when you talk about the Lyapunov function itself, we should say that, okay, this Lyapunov function can be viewed as a parameterized family of Lyapunov function, where z star is a parameter and it correspond to the equilibrium point. So what is the, what is the? Where do we talk about Lyapunov function in this proof?

Speaker 2  7:49  
It's before that. So it's lemma three, monotonicity property. This is where we prove that v.is less than or equal to zero.

Speaker 1  7:58  
So here we are not making any reference to the I think that maybe the safest thing to do will be actually to do it right in the in the proof of the theorem for where we try to prove Lyapunov stability of the equilibrium point. Okay, so where we're trying to prove the Lyapunov equilibrium point, that's where we kind of make it very explicit, saying that, look, while this Lyapunov function, because in the before that, we never actually want to, I mean, we never really care about making the distinction. So when you try to use it, this Lyapunov function, to prove the Lyapunov stability of the individual z star where we actually so where is the first time we make a claim that this equilibrium set? I mean the set of all points where the forms are continuum set. Where do you make that argument?

Speaker 2  9:02  
So this is the proof of lemma three, from here to here, and then we have a remark, and then main convergence result is here, where this is the Omega limit set. Lemma four is showing that invariant property for the Omega limits, limit set for any solution, and then theorem four is showing that under these assumptions, the solution, each trajectory, converse to a single point in The set of optimal our solutions.

Speaker 1  9:42  
Yeah, so where we talk about this, that the optimal solutions forms a set,

Unknown Speaker  9:49  
optimal solutions for a set i.

Speaker 2  10:01  
Let's see the lemma three monotonicity property.

Speaker 1  10:09  
Yeah, so I believe in we never talk about this anywhere.

Unknown Speaker  10:17  
This is KKT equals equilibrium.

Speaker 2  10:20  
Hom. So this is where we define the Omega limit set. We say that consider gamma as a solution of our Dynamics. Omega limit set is defined as this, and the next lemma presents an invariant property for the Omega limit

Speaker 1  10:39  
see is this like the line of argument is similar to what Jorge is doing. Yeah, exactly. Okay. So I think, yeah, go to the next page in the pair of proof. So where we actually start with the blue. Note that, okay. So note that M may contain an uncountable, infinite set of points if the if the optimal arrow solution not unique, these correspond to set of optimal arrow solutions and to a set of non isoquim aerodynamics, 23 from lemma two. And this is where we're saying, Yep.

Unknown Speaker  11:16  
Now this may be

Speaker 1  11:20  
from here on, we want to show that. So you have to use that language. You really first thing is that we have to understand. We have to make the reviewer understand that this is the subtle argument, or this is the the the way we prove the converges to a single point is that using the semi stability argument, right? So now we have a set, possibly a set, of continuum of equilibrium point. Right now we want to show convergence to one of the equilibrium point that the convergence is Singleton. The way you show the conversion Singleton is by showing, by you invoking this notion of semi stability. I'm telling you. I mean, this is how you should you should probably write it in the paper. So first talk about semi stability. The semi stability is the notion of stability which allows you to prove convergence to an equilibrium point. Perhaps maybe you want to understand what semi stability is, so on and so forth. As I just explained, it has to do with this normal direction being non zero versus and the tangent direction being equal to zero. The convergence rate has gone right now. The one of the way to actually prove this thing is actually show that each of these equilibrium point on this are Lyapunov stable, okay, and then to show that we now construct a parameterized family of Lyapunov function. Of course, we are still using the same Lyapunov function, but here we have to say that, okay, now look this Lyapunov function has been parameterized by the equilibrium point.

Speaker 2  12:58  
So when we define the Lyapunov function, we need to say this, or just, we say this in the proof of theorem, for

Speaker 1  13:07  
the proof of theorem for, because we want to make it local, yeah, we don't want to sort of change the entire paper. Now, okay, so you can, you can rewrite the Lyapunov function, but now the same Lyapunov function has to be sort of re it. The purpose is different now, right, right? The purpose of this Lyapunov function is to prove local stability of the we have local Lyapunov stability of the of the equilibrium point on the invariant set.

Speaker 2  13:32  
Okay, so we re so we present the Lyapunov function here as a family of Lyapunov functions parameterized by the equilibrium point.

Speaker 1  13:42  
Equilibrium point, it's the same Lyapunov function we just now talked differently. Okay? And then then show that this Lyapunov function is, is kind of well defined or well well behaved, because, as I said, because these are now multiplying by lambda star, right as long as they are uniformly bounded away from zero, right?

Speaker 2  14:05  
And the CI plus lambda i star is always positive.

Speaker 1  14:09  
Yes, you should that the positive this Lyapunov function is positive and well behaved near every equilibrium point you care about.

Speaker 2  14:19  
Basically, we want to show it's radially unbounded, right?

Speaker 1  14:23  
Really unbounded and and also the fact that these are the multipliers are bigger than zero.

Speaker 1  14:39  
Yeah. So once you have that, then you can plug in, take any equilibrium point and use that Lyapunov function for that particular equilibrium point and show that v.is less than equal to zero for that equilibrium point.

Speaker 2  14:49  
Okay, I just refer to the lemma to say that for any equilibrium point that we pick from lemma three, v.is less than or equal to zero.

Speaker 1  14:59  
Yeah. I mean. May be allowed to kind of say that, look, the lemma three Lyapunov function is the same as the Lyapunov function that we use here. And hence the proof of the lemma two can be applied of lemma two, lemma three, I don't know, to show that this will be less than equal to zero.

Unknown Speaker  15:20  
Okay. I think that

Speaker 2  15:25  
that should do it. So do you do you mean that I need to remove this discussion about the sense of Lyapunov,

Unknown Speaker  15:35  
in the sense of what even sense of Lyapunov? So

Speaker 2  15:38  
here, there's ISL. I think this is, this should be from I thought, yeah,

Speaker 1  15:44  
I mean, that's, that's correct. But I think the confusion is, is that the you didn't really talk about this family of Lyapunov functions, because you need one Lyapunov function for each equilibrium point.

Speaker 2  15:59  
Okay, oh, here we are talking about the lemma three. So we say that this is stability follows from the Lyapunov function we constructed in lemma three, since this along all trajectories with equality, only at the equilibria, any equilibrium point satisfy this ISO condition. So maybe here we need to talk about the family of the upon functions.

Speaker 1  16:22  
Yeah, yeah. I mean, talk somewhere, but I'm saying, I'm just telling you the how the proof should go. I mean, where should we want to put it there? It's up to you. I think this argument that you're making here in terms of the limits, like the looking picking up this time and stuff like that. I don't think that is the right, right argument.

Speaker 2  16:44  
Okay, okay, I will do that, maybe today or tomorrow. I'll let you know.

Speaker 1  16:50  
Yeah, and I think just, just make sure that you, you get all the response, comment, response, comment, response format, sure.

Speaker 2  16:59  
Okay, maybe I'll do the proof first, so that I can get back to you quickly and then work on the comments.

Speaker 1  17:07  
Yeah, so do the proof so I can take a look, and then, yeah, me and Nicola can discuss it and and, yeah, okay. Sounds good. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Bye.

